Title: 51 for 31
Date: 2017-08-01 12:32
Author: crossjam
Category: Uncategorized
Slug: 51-for-31
Status: published

*What if I told you a blog author could rise from the dead and become a better poster than ever?*

Not to be overly dramatic but [the month of July 2017][2] was my most prolific posting month on Mass Programming Resistance. I logged 51 posts in 31 days besting the previous high of 50 in the month of March 2013. 51 posts is more than my total output for the calendar year 2016, the total output for the calendar year 2015, and the total output for the calendar year 2014. In June and July of 2017 there were a total of 84 entries, more than the combined total for the years of 2016, 2015, and 2014.

I’m not going to declare it my best month though. There were a lot of link outs to interesting technical content, but I’m still leaning a bit heavily on pull quote style posts. A next goal should be to expand these out with some more technical thinking or more work to weave themes together. Not quite sure how I feel about the YouTube and Twitter embeds as convenient as they are. On the positive side, July 2017 featured **no** sports related content. None of my old style, consumerist, “what piece of gadget junk am I going to buy,” threads either.

Looking at past content, the best eras of this here site typically involved some sort of side software project where I was narrating the development effort. A focus of August will be getting some sort of side hacking going to write about. Also, as a former [New Media Hack][1], I’d like to get back into ocasional media+technology commentary, which is tricky since that seems to inevitably get sucked into the political sphere. Not that I don’t have serious political interests and thoughts, but I’m a firm believer that in the current environment leaving that engagement offline preserves  mental health, personal safety, and positive energy.

One thing that has taken a big hit recently is my book reading page count. Consistent book reading also generates a lot of great posting fodder. Need to get back in the groove on that front.

Anyway, too much meta is murder, but I feel reenergized and looking forward to a good, long continued run.

[1]: https://crossjam.net/wp/nmh/
[2]: https://crossjam.net/wp/mpr/2017/07/